So this next section of the course, we are going to be talking about pay per
click ads.
So this is Facebook ads, meta ads, Google ads, app love and ads, app store
search ads,
the whole nine yards. So here are our first case studies we're going to go
through. So these apps
are both primarily being found by people through their pay per click ads. So
Bible chat, they're
making 700k a month. Let's go check out their Facebook ad library. So 700k a
month. Let's see
what kind of ads they're on. One of these like cool aesthetic, almost
motivational type of videos.
It's like this is a week of at seven a.m. All of this stuff. They have a few
ads running right now.
Christian cartoons bring Bible heroes to life. So she still remembered who she
true.
That's Christian cartoons bring Bible heroes to. By the way, these ads are all
active. As you
can see, it doesn't mean they're all profitable. Just means they're active. And
we're going to go
through the fact that these actually started running today. So that tells you
something about
Bible chat. It means that they are constantly testing new creatives. These
three ads were uploaded.
And the total active time this is important. If it's been active for like a
couple weeks or
something, then most likely the the ad is profitable. And also I wanted to
mention to this platform,
I know I just jumped right in, but to take a step back, it is the Facebook ad
library. You're able to
see the ads that any brand is running through the meta ad platform. And so this
is how we're
doing it for Bible chat right now, the revenue verified through sensor tower.
And then the ads
we can see on meta. So let's go to like towards the end. Total active time 22
hours. Yes. So they
just spam out content. And that's something we're going to go into. Creative is
king for paid ads.
You're just you're going to want to make as many creatives as possible. And
this Mike's
channel can be I'm just throwing out words right now we're going to dive into
all of this. But
right now I really just want to show kind of what's possible with paid ads. Yes
. So they have like
hundreds of ads that are active. It honestly, the fact that none of these are
inactive
makes me think that maybe they aren't maybe they're doing a specific bidding
strategy where they
just throw ads in. They let the algorithm optimize, but they're not actually
going in and removing
things. But like, okay, let's see what other views are. You're telling me I
never need to put
Bible on the box. It's just like a product demonstration. It's kind of cool. So
, okay, a bunch of variations
of ads. It seems like it's mostly like text on the screen. And then it shows
something. Life
without God feels empty. You feel like you run out of text on turnout to be
meaningless. And
some cool grass keeps you feeling exhausted. Like a story. For that, you need
to read God and
get close to him. If you are confused, get Bible chat and ask it anything to
get answers from the
Bible and solve all your Bible. That's Bible chat. Life is just short, not to
be at peace.
And you should feel every day that you're trying your best without a product
demo. Things that turn
out to be meaningless. 700 camel. They probably actually make closer to like a
million a month.
And then we got Opel. And I say that because I believe sensor tower, it shows
the proceeds,
which means after apples cut. So 700k after apples cut more like a million.
Every single month,
guys, every single month and this app, I don't know if you've seen it. Bible
chat.
It's a very simple app. They basically just plug chat GBT into their app. And
you can ask it for Bible versus and then ask questions about it. They actually
built it out
pretty well at this point where there's a lot of different sections in the app.
It's a very good
user experience. But it was not complicated at all to build that app or it
would not become
complicated at all to build something like that. Opel. Opel is a productivity
app. It's all about
reducing screen time. I actually love their onboarding flow. If you're curious
about seeing
like a masterclass in onboarding, I would look through theirs. Opel. So let's
see what kind of
ads they're on. Another one of these words like text on the screen probably
again to unflong for
yeah like probably again that's interesting. You are high on the most
drug known to man right now and it's called your phone. All in the user. Drugs
have always been
and will always be technologies whether that's morphine being isolated from the
poppy seed
or ayahuasca. You're going to go to it yourself and look but
you know what I'm talking about.
So the common thing between these two accounts that we just watched is that
they both spam
out creatives. I mean look at this. This one was uploaded today. This one was
uploaded yesterday.
These two these three were uploaded the day before. Creative is king and that's
a lesson we're going
to get into. What I want you to take away from this segment right here that we
just looked through
is that with paper click ads it is very possible to highly scale up your app.
Really scale it,
grow it. It is not saturated like many people think. You just need to know the
right angles
to attack the space and so we're going to get into that but there are so many
apps that are making
millions of dollars a month and their ad libraries are public so feel free to
go search sensor tower
for the apps and then go explore their ad libraries. Let's jump into the next
section.